Go how tos (#754)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/distributed-cron.md

  }
```

> Setting `withCronSchedule` will turn the Workflow Execution into a <preview page={WhatIsATemporalCronJob}>Temporal Cron Job</preview>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `withCronSchedule` turns the Workflow Execution into a <preview page={WhatIsATemporalCronJob}>Temporal Cron Job</preview>
```

> You can [check our PHP Samples](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-php/tree/master/app/src/Cron) for example code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check our [PHP samples](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-php/tree/master/app/src/Cron) for example code.
```
